# CS210

In this project, I was put into a scenario where I was hired at a fiction dev company and began work on my first project with my new dev team. The fictional company is a banking company that helps students understand financing and overall fiscal responsibility using an interactive program. The goal of this project was to create a program to allow users to input and see their investments grow over a certain period of time with inputs such as an initial investment amount, a monthly deposit, annual interest, and for how many years they wish to invest followed by an output of the displayed values with and without additional monthly payments. This project was developed in C++, a language that as of writing this README, I'm still fairly new at using and understanding; so in regards to my own improvement, I followed my pseduocode well and to the letter as my "roadmap" to success in coding out this program. I really liked how the design came out as instructed, and overall the successful execution of the program is very satisfying. 

Areas where I could improve upon the code would simply be by adding more comments; my comments are rather void within the code and that can lead to confusing reading by another developer or user should they delve into the source. In regards to challenges that I faced with this project, as mentioned prior, C++ is a language that's extremely foreign to me, and even at the completion of this course it's still quite a language to understand. In overcoming my challenges with C++, I simply watched lessons on YouTube and googled forum tutorials on how to properly implement C++ code efficiently and neatly. 

Overall the creation of the pseudocode itself as well as following it when working on the project will be transferable to all of my other future projects, and luckily through using multiple IDE's and bugtesting, I was able to make this code maintainable, readable, and adaptable by ensuring that there were no holes or errors in any of the code at the end of development. I simply made it neat, fluid, and easy to execute when all was finished. 
